More documentation fixes (#75)
epinio/docs: src/howtos/install_epinio_on_k3s.md

# Creating a K3s Kubernetes Cluster

> This page was written using the following versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This how-to was written using the following versions:
```

* [epinio helm chart 0.7.1](https://github.com/epinio/helm-charts/releases/tag/epinio-0.7.1)
* k3s version v1.23.4+k3s1 and v1.22.7+k3s1 
* openSUSE Leap 15.3 and Tumbleweed

## Get K3s Kubernetes Cluster

### Install K3s

> Follow the [instructions](https://k3s.io/) to install k3s on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [instructions](https://k3s.io/) to install K3s on your system.
```

> Default options given by the k3s versions mentioned just above were used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The K3s versions used in this how-to are the ones mentioned just above, with all the options set by default.
```
